-- Intro Scene

// Adjust the tone of the plot (Increase/Reduce Drama)
// Add in more deatils

Darkness and a chilling Cold.

As you unseal your near-frozen eyelids, a perplexing scene beholds you.
You're on your back, gazing up to a gray sky, barely visible.
There's whiteness everywhere and it's cold. You're amidst what seems to be the start of
a blizzard. 

As the energy in your body returns, you feel the cold from the melting ice under you seep into your legs
through your jeans. You can barely feel your feet and hands.

It's so cold.
So Cold.

"What the ..."

"I need to search for warmth. I'm not just going to die like this."

"What's happening?!"

"Doesn't matter! I need to look for something to regain my heat", you mutter as you slowly scamper up.

!!**!!

Make choice
- search pockets
- look around
- die of cold

!!**!!

  - Look Around
As you stand up, you notice that you're in a clearning. The trees, hardly noticeable under the heavy snow,
surround you. You're stood amidst a forest. With nowhere to-- ... 

As turn around, you notice a trail of thick, black smoke in the sky coming from inside the forest

What if other choices (?)

!!**!!

Make a choice
- Follow the trail into the forest
- Scamper off in the opposite direction (?)

!!**!!

  - Follow Trail
You decide to follow the smoky trail as you head into a forest. It's hard to see around
and you can imagine getting lost in the forest had it not been for the thick smoky trail
rising in the sky.

Not too long after, you reach a small clearning with a stone cottage in front of you.
You head to its scarred wooden door and notice that the door is lsightly ajar 

!!**!!
- Knock
- Barge in
!!**!!

  - Knock
You knock on the door
(If you knock 9 times)
(Bruh if Attack on Titan season 4 ended with part 2 it would've been so nice. Y'know 9 titans and all)
(Knock Again)
(But they had to delay it to 2023 and it's like Attack on Titan Final Season Final Part, I promise. Like bruh)
(Knock 69 times)
(Nice)
(Knock 420 times)
(Duuuuuuude, you straight up deserve to win)
(You win)

  - Barge in 
You noti



What if not follow (?)
-- Add plot
-- GAME OVER